docs: enhance the code tour (#2095)
bytebase/bytebase: docs/design/source-code-tour.snb.md

## Life of a Schema Migration Change

### Pipeline model

At the Bytebase core, there is an exectuion engine consists of `Pipeline`, `Stage`, `Task` and `Task Run`.

![Data Model](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bytebase/bytebase/main/docs/assets/datamodel_v1.png).

A pipeline cotnains multiple stages, and each stage contain multiple tasks. This is how Bytebase creates a Pipeline:

https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/bytebase/bytebase@d55481/-/blob/server/issue.go?L371-401

`Task` is the basic execution unit and each `Task Run` represents one particular exeuction. Upon startup, Bytebase registers the task type with a task executor. This registers the schema change task executor:

https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/bytebase/bytebase@d55481/-/blob/server/server.go?L207

The task executor implements the `TaskExecutor` interface:

https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/bytebase/bytebase@d55481/-/blob/server/task_executor.go?L20-34

The schema change task executor core is to run the schema migration:

https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/bytebase/bytebase@d55481/-/blob/server/task_executor.go?L303-313

> Bytebase records very detailed migration histories, the history is stored on the targeting database instance. This is the history schema for MySQL:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bytebase records very detailed migration histories. The history is stored on the targeting database instance. This is the history schema for MySQL:
```

https://sourcegraph.com/github.com/bytebase/bytebase@d55481/-/blob/plugin/db/mysql/mysql_migration_schema.sql?L5-44

The detailed schema info enables Bytebase to implement powerful features like [Drift Detection](https://www.bytebase.com/docs/anomaly-detection/drift-detection), [Tenant Database Deployment](https://www.bytebase.com/docs/tenant-database-management).

### How a task executor is invoked

> A background task scheduler periodically inspects all active pipelines, find their next tasks, execute and monitor their progress:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A background task scheduler periodically inspects all active pipelines, finds their next tasks, and executes and monitors their progress:
```
